ERAttachment.MigrationClassPrefix=er.attachment.migrations.ERAttachment

er.attachment.mimeTypes=video/x-ms-wmv,video/x-ms-wmp,video/x-ms-wma,video/x-ms-wm,video/msvideo,video/mpeg,video/mp4,video/x-ms-asx,video/x-ms-asf,video/3gpp2,video/3gpp,text/rtf,text/directory,image/vnd.microsoft.icon,image/svg+xml,font/truetype,font/opentype,audio/basic,audio/aiff,application/x-sit,application/x-Shockwave-Flash,application/vnd.rn-realmedia,application/vnd.rn-realaudio,application/binhex,text/javascript,application/java-archive,application/jnlp,application/macbinary,audio/mpeg,audio/mp4,audio/x-wav,image/bmp,image/eps,image/gif,image/jp2,image/jpeg,application/pdf,image/pict,image/png,image/psd,image/raw,image/tiff,image/x-pict,text/css,text/plain,text/html,text/xml,text/x-diff,application/zip,application/x-tar,application/x-gzip,application/x-octet-stream,video/quicktime,application/guitar-pro3,application/guitar-pro4,application/guitar-pro5

er.attachment.mimeType.video/quicktime.viewer=er.attachment.components.viewers.ERAttachmentQuickTimeViewer
er.attachment.mimeType.image/*.viewer=er.attachment.components.viewers.ERAttachmentImageViewer
er.attachment.mimeType.default.viewer=er.attachment.components.viewers.ERAttachmentDefaultViewer
er.attachment.mimeType.unavailable.viewer=er.attachment.components.viewers.ERAttachmentUnavailableViewer

er.attachment.mimeType.audio/mpeg.name=MP3
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/mpeg.uti=public.mp3
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/mpeg.extensions=mp3

er.attachment.mimeType.audio/mp4.name=M4A
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/mp4.uti=public.mpeg-4-audio
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/mp4.extensions=m4a

er.attachment.mimeType.audio/x-wav.name=WAV
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/x-wav.uti=com.microsoft.waveform-audio
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/x-wav.extensions=wav,wave

er.attachment.mimeType.image/bmp.name=BMP
er.attachment.mimeType.image/bmp.uti=public.bmp
er.attachment.mimeType.image/bmp.extensions=bmp

er.attachment.mimeType.image/eps.name=EPS
er.attachment.mimeType.image/eps.uti=public.eps
er.attachment.mimeType.image/eps.extensions=eps,ps

er.attachment.mimeType.image/gif.name=GIF
er.attachment.mimeType.image/gif.uti=public.gif
er.attachment.mimeType.image/gif.extensions=gif

er.attachment.mimeType.image/jp2.name=JPEG 2000
er.attachment.mimeType.image/jp2.uti=public.jpeg-2000
er.attachment.mimeType.image/jp2.extensions=jp2

er.attachment.mimeType.image/jpeg.name=JPEG
er.attachment.mimeType.image/jpeg.uti=public.jpeg
er.attachment.mimeType.image/jpeg.extensions=jpg,jpeg,jfif,jfi

er.attachment.mimeType.application/pdf.name=PDF
er.attachment.mimeType.application/pdf.uti=public.pdf
er.attachment.mimeType.application/pdf.extensions=pdf
er.attachment.mimeType.application/pdf.viewer=er.attachment.components.viewers.ERAttachmentDefaultViewer

er.attachment.mimeType.image/pict.name=PICT
er.attachment.mimeType.image/pict.uti=com.apple.pict
er.attachment.mimeType.image/pict.extensions=pic,pct,pict

er.attachment.mimeType.image/png.name=PNG
er.attachment.mimeType.image/png.uti=public.png
er.attachment.mimeType.image/png.extensions=png

er.attachment.mimeType.image/psd.name=PSD
er.attachment.mimeType.image/psd.uti=public.psd
er.attachment.mimeType.image/psd.extensions=psd

er.attachment.mimeType.image/raw.name=Raw
er.attachment.mimeType.image/raw.uti=public.camera-raw-image
er.attachment.mimeType.image/raw.extensions=raw,cr2,nef

er.attachment.mimeType.image/tiff.name=TIFF
er.attachment.mimeType.image/tiff.uti=public.tiff
er.attachment.mimeType.image/tiff.extensions=tif,tiff

er.attachment.mimeType.image/x-pict.name=X-PICT
er.attachment.mimeType.image/x-pict.uti=com.apple.x-pict
er.attachment.mimeType.image/x-pict.extensions=pic,pct,pict

er.attachment.mimeType.text/plain.name=Text
er.attachment.mimeType.text/plain.uti=public.plain-text
er.attachment.mimeType.text/plain.extensions=txt

er.attachment.mimeType.text/css.name=CSS
er.attachment.mimeType.text/css.uti=public.plain-text
er.attachment.mimeType.text/css.extensions=css

er.attachment.mimeType.text/html.name=HTML
er.attachment.mimeType.text/html.uti=public.html
er.attachment.mimeType.text/html.extensions=html,htm

er.attachment.mimeType.text/xml.name=XML
er.attachment.mimeType.text/xml.uti=public.xml
er.attachment.mimeType.text/xml.extensions=xml

er.attachment.mimeType.text/x-diff.name=Patch
er.attachment.mimeType.text/x-diff.uti=com.toolazy.notsure
er.attachment.mimeType.text/x-diff.extensions=patch

er.attachment.mimeType.application/zip.name=ZIP
er.attachment.mimeType.application/zip.uti=com.pkware.zip-archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/zip.extensions=zip

er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-gzip.name=GZIP
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-gzip.uti=org.gnu.gnu-zip-archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-gzip.extensions=gz,gzip,tgz

er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-tar.name=tar
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-tar.uti=public.tar-archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-tar.extensions=tar

er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-octet-stream.name=Binary
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-octet-stream.uti=com.toolazy.notsure
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-octet-stream.extensions=dat

er.attachment.mimeType.video/quicktime.name=QuickTime Movie
er.attachment.mimeType.video/quicktime.uti=com.apple.quicktime-movie 
er.attachment.mimeType.video/quicktime.extensions=mov,qt

er.attachment.mimeType.application/guitar-pro3.name=Guitar Pro3
er.attachment.mimeType.application/guitar-pro3.extensions=gp3

er.attachment.mimeType.application/guitar-pro4.name=Guitar Pro4
er.attachment.mimeType.application/guitar-pro4.extensions=gp4

er.attachment.mimeType.application/guitar-pro5.name=Guitar Pro5
er.attachment.mimeType.application/guitar-pro5.extensions=gp5

er.attachment.mimeType.application/binhex.name=BinHex archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/binhex.uti=com.apple.binhex-archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/binhex.extensions=hqx

er.attachment.mimeType.text/javascript.name=JavaScript
er.attachment.mimeType.text/javascript.uti=com.netscape.javascript-​source
er.attachment.mimeType.text/javascript.extensions=js,jscript	

er.attachment.mimeType.application/java-archive.name=Java Archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/java-archive.uti=com.sun.java-archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/java-archive.extensions=jar

er.attachment.mimeType.application/jnlp.name=Java Web Start
er.attachment.mimeType.application/jnlp.uti=com.sun.java-web-start
er.attachment.mimeType.application/jnlp.extensions=jnlp

er.attachment.mimeType.application/macbinary.name=MacBinary archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/macbinary.uti=com.apple.macbinary-​archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/macbinary.extensions=bin

er.attachment.mimeType.application/vnd.rn-realaudio.name=RealMedia audio
er.attachment.mimeType.application/vnd.rn-realaudio.uti=com.real.realaudio
er.attachment.mimeType.application/vnd.rn-realaudio.extensions=ra,ram

er.attachment.mimeType.application/vnd.rn-realmedia.name=RealMedia
er.attachment.mimeType.application/vnd.rn-realmedia.uti=com.real.realmedia
er.attachment.mimeType.application/vnd.rn-realmedia.extensions=rm

er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-Shockwave-Flash.name=Shockwave Flash
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-Shockwave-Flash.extensions=swf,flv

er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-sit.name=Stuffit archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-sit.uti=com.allume.stuffit-archive
er.attachment.mimeType.application/x-sit.extensions=sit,sitx

er.attachment.mimeType.audio/aiff.name=AIFF Audio
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/aiff.uti=public.aiff-audio
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/aiff.extensions=aiff,aif,aifc,

er.attachment.mimeType.audio/basic.name=μLaw Audio
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/basic.uti=public.ulaw-audio
er.attachment.mimeType.audio/basic.extensions=au,ulw,snd

er.attachment.mimeType.font/opentype.name=OpenType Font
er.attachment.mimeType.font/opentype.extensions=otf

er.attachment.mimeType.font/truetype.name=TrueType Font
er.attachment.mimeType.font/truetype.extensions=ttf

er.attachment.mimeType.image/svg+xml.name=Scalable Vector Graphics
er.attachment.mimeType.image/svg+xml.extensions=svg

er.attachment.mimeType.image/vnd.microsoft.icon.name=Windows icon
er.attachment.mimeType.image/vnd.microsoft.icon.uti=com.microsoft.ico 
er.attachment.mimeType.image/vnd.microsoft.icon.extensions=ico

er.attachment.mimeType.text/directory.name=vCard (electronic business card)
er.attachment.mimeType.text/directory.uti=public.vcard
er.attachment.mimeType.text/directory.extensions=vcf,vcard

er.attachment.mimeType.text/rtf.name=Rich Text
er.attachment.mimeType.text/rtf.uti=public.rtf
er.attachment.mimeType.text/rtf.extensions=rtf

er.attachment.mimeType.video/3gpp.name=3GPP movie
er.attachment.mimeType.video/3gpp.uti=public.3gpp
er.attachment.mimeType.video/3gpp.extensions=3gp,3gpp

er.attachment.mimeType.video/3gpp2.name=3GPP2 movie
er.attachment.mimeType.video/3gpp2.uti=public.3gpp2
er.attachment.mimeType.video/3gpp2.extensions=3g2,3gp2

er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-asf.name=Microsoft Advanced Systems Format
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-asf.uti=com.microsoft.advanced-​systems-format
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-asf.extensions=asf

er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-asx.name=Microsoft Advanced Stream Redirector
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-asx.uti=com.microsoft.advanced-​stream-redirector
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-asx.extensions=asx

er.attachment.mimeType.video/mp4.name=MPEG-4
er.attachment.mimeType.video/mp4.uti=public.mpeg-4
er.attachment.mimeType.video/mp4.extensions=mp4,m4v

er.attachment.mimeType.video/mpeg.name=MPEG video
er.attachment.mimeType.video/mpeg.uti=public.mpeg
er.attachment.mimeType.video/mpeg.extensions=mpg,mpeg,m15,m75,mp2,mpa,mpv,mpv2,mpe

er.attachment.mimeType.video/msvideo.name=AVI movie
er.attachment.mimeType.video/msvideo.uti=public.avi
er.attachment.mimeType.video/msvideo.extensions=avi,vfw,divx,xvid

er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wm.name=Windows Media
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wm.uti=com.microsoft.windows-​media-wm
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wm.extensions=wm

er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wma.name=Windows Media
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wma.uti=com.microsoft.windows-​media-wma
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wma.extensions=wma

er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wmp.name=Windows Media
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wmp.uti=com.microsoft.windows-​media-wmp
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wmp.extensions=wmp

er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wmv.name=Windows Media
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wmv.uti=com.microsoft.windows-​media-wmv
er.attachment.mimeType.video/x-ms-wmv.extensions=wmv
